   IDEA Non-Commercial License [Produc2.jpg]

   Licenses for Non-Commercial use

   Developer, Research, Freeware & Shareware Licenses
   MediaCrypt grants developers a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
   royalty-free license for the development phase of any products
   containing the IDEA algorithm. MediaCrypt highly recommends developers
   register with MediaCrypt. Please contact us for registration. Once
   registered at MediaCrypt developers are put on a mailing list
   providing the latest news on the IDEA algorithm.

   Special offer for shareware developers:

   Selling any software and/or hardware containing the algorithm is
   subject to a product license. However, there is a special waiver for
   shareware developers. Such waiver eliminates the up front fees as well
   as royalties for the first USD 10,000 gross sales of the product
   containing the algorithm, if and only if:

   a) The product is being sold for a minimum of USD 10.00
       and a maximum of USD 50.00.

   b) The source code for the shareware product is available to
       the public. Beyond USD 10,000 gross sales from the
       shareware product the standard terms and conditions for
       product licenses shall apply.

   Free use for private purposes:

   The free use of software and/or hardware containing the algorithm is
   strictly limited to non revenue generating data transfer between
   private individuals, i.e., not serving commercial purposes. Requests
   by freeware developers to obtain a royalty-free license to spread an
   application program containing the algorithm not for commercial
   purposes must be directed to MediaCrypt.

   Special conditions applicable for European research projects:

   The use of the IDEA algorithm in European research projects is free,
   provided that it serves the purpose of such project and within the
   project duration. Any use of the algorithm after termination of a
   project, including activities resulting from a project and for
   purposes not directly related to the project, strictly requires a
   product license or end-user license.

   [1]Contact us for questions comments, and
   registration
                                 [ [2]top ]

References

   1. mailto:idea@mediacrypt.com
   2. http://www.mediacrypt.com/engl/Content/non_commercial.htm#top
