This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must also be observed and followed.

ANY INTERPRETATION OF THE CONTENTS, RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS NOTICE AND/OR MATROX WEB SITE SHALL BE INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF QUEBEC. 

Any software that is made available to download from this server ("Software") is the copyrighted work of Matrox and/or its
suppliers. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the
Software ("License Agreement"). An end user will be unable to install any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement,
unless he or she first agrees to the License Agreement terms. The downloading and the use of any Software is subject to the following
restrictions and limitations:

1. No right to recopy, sell, distribute, license, sub-license, alter, modify, disassemble, de-compile or reverse engineer any 
driver in any manner whatsoever is hereby given.  Violation may result in severe civil and/or criminal penalties as violators will be
prosecuted to the maximum extent possible;

2. You are permitted to use the Software on a single computer owned or leased by you. You may not use the Software on more than a single
machine, even if you own or lease more than one machine, without prior written consent of Matrox;

3. You may not provide or disclose the Software to any third party;

4. You may not grant any sublicense, lease or other right in the Software to others;

5. You may not make copies, or verbal or media translations of the user guide; and

6. You may not make telecommunication data transmissions of the Software.

The Software is provided to you AS IS and WITH ALL FAULTS. Matrox makes no representation and gives no warranty whatsoever, whether express 
or implied, and without limitation, with regard to the quality, safety, contents, performance, merchantability, non-infringement or 
suitability for any particular or intended purpose of the Software found on the Matrox web site. In no event will Matrox be liable for any
direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages however they may arise and even if Matrox has been previously advised
of the possibility of such damages. 

There are inherent dangers in the use of any software available for downloading on the Internet, and Matrox cautions you to ensure 
that you completely understand the potential risks before downloading any of the Software. You are solely responsible for adequate 
protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any of the Software, and Matrox will not be liable for any damages 
that may be suffered in connection with use of the Software. 

Without limiting any of the foregoing, copying or reproducing any Software to any other server or location for further reproduction or 
redistribution is expressly prohibited.

COPYRIGHT © 1998 Matrox is a registered trademark of Matrox Electronic Systems Ltd. All rights reserved. Matrox reserves the right to 
change driver specification without notice. All intellectual property, including without limitation, trademarks and copyrights are the 
property of their respective owners and any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited. Use of the Software for any purpose 
not explicitly stated above is expressly forbidden without the prior written permission of Matrox.
