This Software Licensing Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement 
between you and 21-6 Productions, Inc. ("21-6"). By installing this 
Software, by loading or running the Software, by placing or copying 
the Software onto your hard drive, or by distributing the Software, 
you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. These are the 
only terms by which 21-6 permits copying or use.

21-6 Productions, Inc. LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR Orbz

General terms:


1. THE SOFTWARE.
The Software licensed under this agreement is the computer program 
Orbz, which consists of executable files, data files, and 
documentation.

2. GRANT OF LICENSE.
21-6 grants you the right to use the Software in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement. You may load the software into RAM as well 
as install it on a hard disk or other storage device. You may not 
modify, translate, disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, or 
create derivative works based upon the Software. You agree that the 
Software will not be shipped, transferred, or exported into any 
country in violation of the U.S. Export Administration Act and that 
you will not utilize the Software in violation of any applicable law.

2.1. DEMO VERSION LICENSE.
You may distribute copies of the demo version of the Software freely 
to other users, provided that any copy must contain the original, 
unaltered files and proprietary notices. You have the ability to 
register the demo version at any time by purchasing the full version 
from 21-6.

2.2. REGISTERED VERSION LICENSE.
When you purchase the Software, you will receive the full registered 
version. You agree not to distribute the registered version to others 
and to use it only for your own personal use. You acknowledge that 
distribution of the registered version to others, whether intentional 
or unintentional, could damage 21-6 both financially and 
professionally. Any unauthorized distribution of your registered 
version will result in immediate and automatic termination of your 
license.

3. COPYRIGHT.
The Software is owned by 21-6 and is protected by United States 
copyright laws and international treaties. You must treat the 
Software like any other copyrighted material, except that you may 
make copies of the demo version of the Software to give to other 
persons under the terms of this Agreement. You may not distribute 
copies of the registered version to others. Except as expressly 
licensed by 21-6 in writing, 21-6 reserves the exclusive copyright 
and all other rights, title and interest to distribute the Software, 
and to use Trademarks in connection with them. "Trademarks" refers to 
the name of the Software, the name 21-6, and the 21-6 logo, which are 
trademarks of 21-6.

4. NO WARRANTY.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS". NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE AS TO IT OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY BE ON. 21-6 
PRODUCTIONS, INC. WILL PROVIDE NO REMEDY FOR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM IT, INCLUDING SUCH FROM 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONTRACT, EVEN 
AFTER NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

5. TERM.
The term of this license grant is perpetual. You may terminate this 
Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of the Software in 
your possession. Your license to use the Software will automatically 
terminate if you breach the terms of this Agreement.

6. GENERAL PROVISIONS.
This Agreement is the sole and entire Agreement relating to the 
subject matter hereof, and supercedes all prior understandings, 
agreements, and documentation relating to such subject matter. If any 
provision in this Agreement is held by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remaining 
provisions will continue in full force without being impaired or 
invalidated in any way. This Agreement will be governed by the laws 
of the State of Colorado. With respect to every matter arising under 
this Agreement, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue 
of the state and federal courts sitting in Denver, Colorado, and to 
service by certified mail, return receipt requested, or as otherwise 
permitted by law. This Agreement does not create any agency or 
partner relationship. Your rights under this Agreement are personal 
and do not include any right to sublicense the Software. This 
Agreement may be terminated by 21-6 by giving a 30-day advance 
written notice.

7. DISTRIBUTION.
21-6 allows and encourages all web sites, on-line services, shareware 
disk vendors, CD-ROM vendors, bulletin board systems, and end-users 
to freely distribute the demo version of this Software. If you wish 
to distribute the Software, you may obtain the most recent version 
from www.garagegames.com. It is generally not necessary to contact 
21-6 for authorization, and you may begin offering the demo version 
immediately.

Thank you for using this Software in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement.

