	You should carefully read the following end user license
agreement before installing this software program.  By 
installing, copying, or otherwise using the software program, 
you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  If you 
do not agree to the terms of this agreement, you should 
contact your place of purchase regarding its return policy 
for the applicable Savage product.  
	
	This software program including any and all subsequent 
patches (the "Program"), any printed materials, any online, or 
electronic documentation, and any and all copies and derivative 
works of such software program and materials are the 
copyrighted work of iGames Publishing, LLC..  All use of the 
program is governed by the terms of the End User License 
Agreement which is provided below ("License Agreement").  The 
Program is solely for use by end users according to the terms 
of the License Agreement.  Any use, reproduction, or 
redistribution of the Program not in accordance with the terms 
of the License Agreement is expressly prohibited.  
	
	
	END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
	
1.	Limited Use License.  iGames Publishing ("iGames") hereby 
grants, and by installing the Program you thereby accept, a 
limited, non-exclusive license and right to install and use 
one (1) copy of the Program for your use on a home, business, 
or portable computer.  The Program also contains a "Level 
Editor" (the "Editor") that allows you to create custom levels 
or other materials for your personal use in connection with 
the Program ("New Materials").  All use of the Editor or any New 
Materials is subject to this License Agreement. 

2.	Ownership.  All title, ownership rights, and intellectual 
property rights in and to the Program and any and all copies 
thereof (including, but not limited to any titles, computer 
code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, 
dialog, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, 
animations, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, 
methods of operation, moral rights, any related documentation 
and "applets" incorporated in the Program) are owned by iGames 
Publishing, or its licensors.  The Program is protected by 
copyright laws of the United States, international copyright 
treaties, and conventions, and other laws.  All rights are 
reserved.

3. 	Responsibilities of End User.
	
	3.a. Subject to the Grant of License hereinabove, you may 
not, in whole or in part, copy, photocopy, reproduce, sublicense, 
translate, reverse engineer, derive source code, modify, 
disassemble, decompile, create a source code equivalent, create 
derivative works based on the Program, or remove any 
proprietary notices or labels on the Program, or allow others to 
do so, without the prior consent, in writing of iGames.

	3.b. 	The Program is licensed to you as a single product.  
			Its component parts may not be separated for use on 
			more than one computer. 

	3.c. 	You are entitled to use the Program for your own use, 
			but you are not entitled to:

		3.c.i 	Sell, grant a security interest in, or transfer 
				reproductions of the Program to other parties in 
				any way, nor to rent, lease, or license the 
				Program to others without the prior written 
				consent of iGames; 

		3.c.ii 	Exploit the Program or any of its parts for any 
				commercial purpose including, but not limited to, 
				use at a cyber cafe, computer gaming center, or 
				any other location based site.  iGames may offer 
				a separate Site License Agreement to permit you 
				to make the Program available for commercial use; 
				contact iGames for details;
				
		3.c.iii	Use or allow third parties to use the Editor and 
				New Materials created thereby for commercial 
				purposes including, but not limited to, 
				distribution of New Materials on a stand-alone 
				basis or packaged with other software or hardware 
				through any and all distribution channels, 
				including, but not limited to, retail sales and 
				online electronic distribution without the 
				express written consent of iGames; 
				
4. 	Program Transfer.  You may permanently transfer all of your 
rights under this License Agreement, provided the recipient agrees 
to the terms of this License Agreement and you agree to remove the 
Program and any New Materials from you home, business, or portable 
computer.  

5.	Termination.  This License Agreement is effective until 
terminated.  You may terminate the License Agreement at any time by 
destroying the Program and any New Materials.  iGames may, at its 
discretion, terminate this License Agreement in the event that you 
fail to comply with the terms and conditions contained herein.  In 
such event, you must immediately destroy the Program and any New 
Materials. 

6.	Export Controls.  The Program may not be re-exported, 
downloaded, or otherwise exported into (or to a nation al or 
resident of) any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or 
to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of the Specially 
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of 
Denial Orders.  By installing the Program, you are agreeing to the 
foregoing, and you are representing and warranting that you are not 
located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any 
such country or on any such list.

7.	Customer Service/Technical Support.  "Customer Service" as used 
herein may be provided to you by iGames representatives by telephone 
and/or by electronic message (e-mail).  "Technical Support" may be 
provided to you by iGames by telephone, electronic message (e-mail), 
or by posting of information related to known technical support 
issues on a web site.  Unless otherwise stated in the Program's 
packaging or in the Program's user manual, nothing herein shall be 
construed so as to place a duty on iGames to provide Customer 
Service or Technical Support via a toll-free telephone number for an 
unlimited period of time.  

8.	"Online" Components of the Program.  This Program contains an 
"online" component that allows you to utilize the Product over the 
Internet utilizing servers and software maintained or authorized by 
iGames.  iGames agrees to provide the servers and software technology 
necessary to utilize the "online" component of the Program in 
accordance with this End User License Agreement and with the Terms of 
Use that you must accept prior to playing on iGames' Internet gaming 
service.

9.	Limited Warranty.  iGames expressly disclaims any warranty for 
the Program, Editor, and Manual(s).  The Program, Editor, and 
Manual(s) are provide "as is" without warranty of any kind, wither 
express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied 
warranties of merchantability, fitness  for a particular purpose, or 
noninfringement.  The entire risk arising out of use or performance 
of the Program, Editor, and Manual(s) remains with the User; 
however, IGames warrants up to and including ninety (90) days from 
the date of your purchase of the Program that the media containing 
the Program shall be free from defects in material and workmanship.  
In the event that the media prove to be defective during that time 
period, and upon presentation to iGames of proof of purchase of the 
defective Program, iGames will at its option 1) correct any defect, 
2) provide you with a product of equal or lesser value, or 3) refund 
your money.  Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of 
implied warranties or liability for incidental damages, so the above 
limitations may not apply to you.  

10.	Limitation of Liability. Neither iGames, S2 Games, its parent, 
or affiliates shall be liable in any way for loss or damage of any 
kind resulting from the use of the program, the editor, the online 
network, or other online provider authorized by iGames, including, 
but not limited to, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer 
failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or 
losses.  Any warranty against infringement that may be provided in 
section 2-312(3) of the uniform commercial code and/or in any other 
comparable state statute is expressly disclaimed.  Further, iGames 
shall not be liable in any way for the loss or damage to accounts, 
statistics, or user profile information stored online.  iGames shall 
not be responsible for any interruptions of service on the online 
provider authorized by iGames including, but not limited to, ISP 
disruptions, software or hardware failures, or any other event which 
may result in a loss of data or disruption of service.  Some states 
do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or 
consequential damages, or allow limitation s on how long an implied 
warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply.  

11.	Equitable Remedies.  You hereby agree the iGames would be 
irreparable damaged if the terms of this License Agreement were not 
specifically enforced, and therefore you agree that iGames shall be 
entitled, without bond, other security, or proof of damages, to 
appropriate equitable remedies with respect to breaches of this 
License Agreement, in addition to such other remedies as iGames may 
otherwise have available to it under applicable laws.  In the event 
any litigation is brought by either party in connection with this 
License Agreement, the prevailing party in such litigation shall be 
entitled to recover from the other party all the costs, attorneys' 
fees and other expenses incurred by such prevailing party in the 
litigation.  

12.	Limitations on License.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall 
preclude you from making or authorizing the making of another copy 
or adaptation of the Program provided, however, that (1) such new 
copy or adaptation is created as an essential step in your 
utilization of the Program in accordance with the terms of this 
License Agreement and for NO OTHER PURPOSE; or (2) such new copy or 
adaptation is for archival purposes ONLY and all archival copies 
are destroyed in the event of your Transfer of the Program, the 
Termination of this Agreement, or other circumstances under which 
your continued use of the Program ceases to be rightful.  

13.	Miscellaneous.  This License Agreement shall be deemed to have 
been made and executed in the State of Michigan, and any dispute 
arising hereunder shall be resolved in accordance with the law of 
Michigan.  You agree that any claim asserted in any legal 
proceeding by one of the parties against the other shall be 
commenced and maintained in any state or federal court located in 
the State of Michigan, County of Kalamazoo, having subject matter 
jurisdiction with respect to the dispute between the parties.  This 
License Agreement may be amended, altered, or modified only by an 
instrument in writing, specifying such amendment, alteration, or 
modification, executed by both parties.  In the event that any 
provision of this License Agreement shall be held by a court or 
other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such 
provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and 
the remaining portions of this License Agreement shall remain in 
full force and effect.  This License Agreement constitutes and 
contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral or written 
agreements. 
	
	
	I hereby acknowledge that I have read and understand the 
foregoing License Agreement and agree that the action of 
installing the Program is an acknowledgement of my agreement to be 
bound by the terms and conditions of the License Agreement 
contained herein.  I also acknowledge and agree that this License 
Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement 
between iGames and me and that the License Agreement supersedes 
any prior or contemporaneous agreement, wither oral or written, 
and any other communications between iGames and me.  

